Update docs to reflect docker_container_use_file is now true (#12529)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/docker/log.md

- [Scrub sensitive data from your logs][8].
- [Proceed to multi-line aggregation][9].

## Docker container log collection from file

In Datadog Agent 7.27.0/6.27.0+ Docker container logs can be collected from a file. In Agent 6.33.0+/7.33.0+ it is enabled by default. Docker container log collection from file is an alternative to collection over the Docker socket. It offers better performance and can be used as long as the directory storing Docker container logs is exposed to the Agent in the following location: `/var/lib/docker/containers` (`c:\programdata\docker\containers` on Windows). See the (Docker logs collection troubleshooting guide)[12] for more information.

> **Important notes**:
> 
> - When migrating from Docker socket container log collection to file based log collection, only new containers are tailed from file. If required, you can force the Agent to collect all container logs from file using the environment variable `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_DOCKER_CONTAINER_FORCE_USE_FILE` and setting it to `true`. In that case duplicated logs may occur for containers from which some logs were already collected.
> 
> - If an Agent is switched back from container file log collection to collection over the Docker socket, duplicated logs are also likely to occur for existing containers.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**:
- When you migrate from Docker socket based container log collection to file based log collection, only new containers are tailed from their files. You can force the Agent to collect all container logs from files by setting the environment variable `DD_LOGS_CONFIG_DOCKER_CONTAINER_FORCE_USE_FILE` to `true`. Forcing the Agent to collect all container logs from files may result in duplicated logs for existing containers.
- If you switch the Agent back from container file log collection to collection over the Docker socket, you will likely see duplicated logs for existing containers.

```

[9]: /agent/logs/advanced_log_collection/?tab=docker#multi-line-aggregation
[10]: /agent/guide/autodiscovery-management/
[11]: /agent/kubernetes/log/?tab=daemonset#short-lived-containers

> [12]: /logs/guide/docker-logs-collection-troubleshooting-guide

Reviewer 2: let's link to the correct section of this page
